fix(issue 671): Generated Role.yaml and RoleBinding.yaml don't work w… (#2175)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Replace in the Ansible based operators module tests `k8s_info` for `k8s_facts` which is deprecated. ([#2168](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/issues/2168))
- Upgrade the Ansible version from `2.8` to `2.9` on the Ansible based operators image. ([#2168](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/issues/2168))
- Updated CRD generation for non-Go operators to use valid structural schema. ([#2275](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/issues/2275))

> - Replace `*` per verbs for roles generated. ([#2175](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2175))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace Role verb `"*"` with list of verb strings in generated files so the Role is compatible with OpenShift and Kubernetes. ([#2175](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2175))
```

### Changed

> ### Deprecated

Author: ```suggestion
```
